this is our mission Creek collection an
oak bed in case piece ensemble featuring
mission-style construction reflecting
the original designs of the American
Arts and Crafts movement handcrafted
with patience and care techniques
remnant of the mission era 5p storefront
construction for durability and
longevity one two three four and the
fifth being the centerpiece framed from
inside magnetic door catches steel
glides with bearing European glumly
hinging frieze of utility and
cleanliness of appearance reinforced and
framed interiors for ease of replacement
of part and piece top if necessary added
stability for reinforcements and to
eliminate wracking unobtrusive screws
that are toe nailed in the corners for
maximum strength and durability hardwood
backing all fitted to reinforce the
integrity and the structure of the case
piece screwed brass screws again
eliminating torquing adding to the
overall durability and strength of the
design unlike plain slice or rotary cut
veneers this Center core quarter-sawn
design is individual sections that are
reversed cross-grained and laminated
four years of integrity structural
reliability and design solid and shapely
Appalachian oak uprights at exquisite
beauty and additional elements of great
design late-night letter-writing
laptops or remotes you'll love our
hidden storage pull-out table that shows
this refined nature of this functional
design
all of our collectible ensemble pieces
go through an intensive seven step
staining lacquering sanding and
finishing process all of our northern
red hardwoods are hand selected for
their horizontal eye pleasing integrity
and beauty all vertical uprights
additionally are hand selected for their
visual integration eliminating eye
pollution and having a piece that better
flows together drawer by drawer
piece by piece beautiful designer
hardware revealing a full extension
bearing steel drawer glide offering a
five piece interior construction with
screw down five quarter front featuring
solid cedar drawer interiors all
reinforced with old-world English
dovetail designed for durability and
longevity each drawer base features its
own individual dust cover at all drawer
levels for security of safety of what's
inside with its unique self closing
won't open until you open it drawer
design we're so proud of our furniture
that we think everybody out of shop for
furniture from the inside out not only
do we feature square face frame
construction but we double reinforced it
with two frames of durable support
uprights through and through our design
when we talk about durability and
construction built to stand the test of
time and be tomorrow's heirloom today we
really put our drawers to the test
beautiful timeless and ornate handles
all baked in enamel with our mission
creek collection Dowling's a standard
fitted uprights and wafer biscuit
joinery in all case pieces and
saluté mandatory part of our
construction just like the great
monuments you'll love the understated
elegance of this unique oblique design
where we have our narrowing tops
thickened down to a much larger base
frame at the bottom would you imagine
any last when it comes to great steps in
quality take a look at this and see how
many mirrors in the marketplace today
past the quarter test this true
reflection lava flow design gives you a
perfect reflection each and every time
down to a quarter or a dime our master
craftsmen are happy to give you the
value added benefit of nine different
finishes that our mission creek
collection is available in specifically
for you not only we proud of the fact
that we craft our furniture USA pride
and precision but we're also proud to be
earth friendly and to let you know we're
part of the sustainable forestry
initiative and certified last but not
least our mission Creek furniture
collection is one of the many that
features hidden compartment storage to
keep your variables out of sight and
offer you peace of mind and this
concludes the features and benefits of
our handcrafted Mission Creek collection
for more information give us a call at
one eight hundred in Omax or visit us
online at www.oneonone.org